good morning it's december 7
2020 and it's a monday
here in l.a a cloudy morning
with a slight breeze blowing
around 50 degrees fahrenheit 10
celsius this morning
i was thinking about
the song that's all right
by elvis presley
this was his first single
and the story of this recording session
is this great story
but that recording session in 1954
gave birth to elvis presley
known as the king of rock and roll
should be going up to 75 degrees
fahrenheit this afternoon
about 24 celsius
it looks like we're gonna have clouds
all along the way but if we're lucky
maybe some blue skies and golden
sunshine will pop
out everyone
[Music]
have a great day